Didn't you ask for this yourself?
You didn't mean me
If it's the one above
I will present the Golden Dragon Award to a pig
Since you don't believe
I will prove the impossible with my actions
You must have bought it through the organizer.
Today's Golden Dragon Awards reception
The one above will never let you go. Enough is enough.
I've had enough.
I don't want to play with you anymore
Whatever you say is what you say
But your Golden Dragon Award
Just forget it.
you
Mr. Long, since the dust has settled tonight
Will you accept my invitation?
Have dinner
Miss
This Xue Zhilong is just a stinky delivery guy
Now it seems
Is there really any power behind him?
He should be after some famous family
A little bit of power
That being the case
Why is he still eating and drinking at your house for free?
4 years and a sow to humiliate you
Since he can make Gong Luoming listen to him
You can also control the Golden Dragon Award
The strength of the younger brother cannot be ignored
No, let's chase after it now
It is necessary to hold him in your hands again